Update to latest core alpha (#4999)
Particular/docs.particular.net: nservicebus/upgrades/7to8/dependency-injection.md

The `UseContainer` API to integrate third party containers with NServiceBus has been removed as it does not align with the `Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions` model. To use a custom dependency injection container with NServiceBus, use the [externally managed container mode](/nservicebus/dependency-injection/#externally-managed-mode).

## RegisterComponents changes

> The `EndpointConfiguration.RegisterComponents` API now provides access to the underlying `IServiceCollection`. The registration methods formerly provided by `IConfigureComponents` are available as extension methods to simplify migration. However, it is recommended to use to the official `IServiceCollection` registration API instead. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `EndpointConfiguration.RegisterComponents` API now provides access to the underlying `IServiceCollection`. The registration methods formerly provided by `IConfigureComponents` are available as extension methods to simplify migration. However, it is recommended to use the official `IServiceCollection` registration API instead. 
```

The NServiceBus `DependencyLifecycle` can be mapped directly to the ServiceDescriptor `ServiceLifetime`:

| DependencyLifecycle   | ServiceLifetime |
| --------------------- | --------------- |
| InstancePerCall       | Transient       |
| SingleInstance        | Singleton       |
| InstancePerUnitOfWork | Scoped          |

for example, instead of 

```
endpointConfiguration.RegisterComponents(s => 
    s.ConfigureComponent<MyService>(DependencyLifecyle.InstancePerCall));
```

use 

```
endpointConfiguration.RegisterComponents(s => s.AddTransient<MyService>());
```

> `ConfigureComponents` automatically registeres all interfaces of a given type. The `IServiceCollection.Add` methods do not register interfaces. Instead, forward additional registration to a type as following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ConfigureComponents` automatically registers all interfaces of a given type. The `IServiceCollection.Add` methods do not register interfaces. Instead, forward additional registration to a type as follows:
```
